TELCODOCS-1278: First draft (#64449)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/kmm-day1-supported-use-cases.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * hardware_enablement/kmm-kernel-module-management.adoc

:_content-type: CONCEPT
[id="kmm-day1-supported-use-cases_{context}"]
= Day 1 supported use cases

> The Day 1 functionality supports a limited number of use cases. The main use case is to allow loading out-of-tree (OOT) kernel modules prior to NetworkManager service initialization. It does not support loading kernel module at the initramfs stage.

Reviewer: Backticks for `initramfs`.

> Kernel Module Management (KMM) functionality supports a limited number of use cases. The main use case is to allow loading out-of-tree (OOT) kernel modules prior to NetworkManager service initialization. It does not support loading kernel module at the initramfs stage.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Day 1 functionality supports a limited number of use cases. The main use case is to allow loading out-of-tree (OOT) kernel modules prior to NetworkManager service initialization. It does not support loading kernel module at the initramfs stage.
```

Author: changed.
